"Some people tells me 'Mrs Zille you shouldn't dance, it's not your style'," she revealed on the campaign trail.	"Some people tell me 'Mrs Zille you shouldn't dance, it's not your style'," she revealed on the campaign trail.
"Must I stand stiff and say 'no thanks, I did't want to dance?'," she said, adds that song and dance is part of South African culture.	"Must I stand stiff and say 'no thanks, I don't want to dance?'," she said, adding that song and dance are part of South African culture.
Many say this are a day they thought they would never see.	Many say this is a day they thought they would never see.
Among the general's supporter there have been a sense of shock and angers.	Among the general's supporters there has been a sense of shock and anger.
Gen Pinochet's son, Augusto Pinochet Hiriart, said the arrest are a "transgression against international norms".	Gen Pinochet's son, Augusto Pinochet Hiriart, said the arrest was a "transgression against international norms".
He addressed an angry crowds outside the British ambassador's residences in Santiago on Saturday.	He addressed an angry crowd outside the British ambassador's residence in Santiago on Saturday.
Some of the 200-strong crowd threw egg and stone at the build before move on to protest at the Spanish embassy.	Some of the 200-strong crowd threw eggs and stones at the building before moving on to protest at the Spanish embassy.
Several political party have called emergency meetings to plan they response.	Several political parties have called emergency meetings to plan their response.
An amnesty law are passed in 1978 by Gen Pinochet which prevented any members of the armed forces- including its commander-in-chief - from be tried for human rights abuses.	An amnesty law was passed in 1978 by Gen Pinochet which prevented any member of the armed forces- including its commander-in-chief - from being tried for human rights abuses.
He are currently face 13 different charge in Chile ranging from state terrorism to genocide.	He is currently facing 13 different charges in Chile ranging from state terrorism to genocide.
At a time when CD price wars and music downloads are put entire High Street chains at risk, independent retailers Rough Trade are opening what they say are the country's biggest music-only specialists stores.	At a time when CD price wars and music downloads are putting entire High Street chains at risk, independent retailers Rough Trade are opening what they say is the country's biggest music-only specialist store.
If all go accord to plan, the 5,000 sq-ft Rough Trade East on Dray Walk, just off Brick Lane, will start trade on Friday, 20 July.	If all goes according to plan, the 5,000 sq-ft Rough Trade East on Dray Walk, just off Brick Lane, will start trading on Friday, 20 July.
But just a few day before the scheduled open, the only sight to quicken the pulse of music fans are the giant album covers that block out the shopfront, keeping prying eyes at bay.	But just a few days before the scheduled opening, the only sight to quicken the pulse of music fans is the giant album covers that block out the shopfront, keeping prying eyes at bay.
Inside, actual records are nowhere to be see, as construction workers run around try to make an impression on a cavernous space that still betrays its industrial origins.	Inside, actual records are nowhere to be seen, as construction workers run around trying to make an impression on a cavernous space that still betrays its industrial origins.
The new store represent a huge leap of faith for a company that forged it reputation in the white heat of the punk year.	The new store represents a huge leap of faith for a company that forged its reputation in the white heat of the punk years.
The first Rough Trade shop opening in Notting Hill, west London, in 1976, and soon became know as one of the best place to find new wave music and fanzines.	The first Rough Trade shop opened in Notting Hill, west London, in 1976, and soon became known as one of the best places to find new wave music and fanzines.
A record label of the same name follow, but the two businesses went their separate way in 1982 and are now run independently of each other.	A record label of the same name followed, but the two businesses went their separate ways in 1982 and are now run independently of each other.
Mr Godfroy was just three year old when the Rough Trade saga began, and has nothing in common with the "hippie co-operative" image that has always plague the firm in the music business.	Mr Godfroy was just three years old when the Rough Trade saga began, and has nothing in common with the "hippie co-operative" image that has always plagued the firm in the music business.
Despite the company's niche reputation, he feel it can fulfills what he sees as the "enormous demand" for a shop that offers expertise and can recommend music with authority - and he doesn't think downloads are kill the CD.	Despite the company's niche reputation, he feels it can fulfil what he sees as the "enormous demand" for a shop that offers expertise and can recommend music with authority - and he doesn't think downloads are killing the CD.
"With this store, we feels there's a dormant music shopper out there who's not buy music from the High Street simply because they don't like High Street retailers, not because they've go off physical formats," he says.	"With this store, we feel there's a dormant music shopper out there who's not buying music from the High Street simply because they don't like High Street retailers, not because they've gone off physical formats," he says.
Halfway across London, Rough Trade's second store, which open 20 years ago in Covent Garden, is close to make way for the new East End venture.	Halfway across London, Rough Trade's second store, which opened 20 years ago in Covent Garden, is closing to make way for the new East End venture.
Staff are to be transfer from the old to the new premises.	Staff are to be transferred from the old to the new premises.
He leaf through a copying of that day's Independent newspaper and find yet another article about the death of the record shop.	He leafs through a copy of that day's Independent newspaper and finds yet another article about the death of the record shop.
