I didn't like it in Korea Changwon when we first arrived.
I didn't have any friends here.
It was colder than in Changwon, and when we arrived it rained a lot!
Things got better when I started school, and I soon made a lot of friends.
I can't climb the mountain on the weekend, but I go to the sports centre with my friends.
I don't go mountain climbing now.
I didn't play those in Korea.
We play soccer at my school.
Nimono is a traditional Japanese dish.
Then it's seasoned with soy sauce, sugar and sweet cooking rice wine.
My father will come to my home tomorrow, so I will serve it then.
Nimono is a healthy dish so many people like it.
I started lang-8 because I study at CA, and I have to write a lot.
Moreover, I would like to write something to record my daily life.
Make it worth to look back.
My country has a tropical weather and we always have sun, but now it has been raining almost every day.
I like rain, but not too much right now, because the days are greys and make me feel sad.
I like to get up and feel and see the sun. The sun makes me feel happy and full of energy.
I love sunny days because everything is more beautiful for me.
I hope that next week the weather becomes sunny and I'll be able to see my roses again.
I usually put soy sauce in a small plate and put a bit of wasabi on the side.
She put soy sauce on a place like me, but I was surprised in another moment because she put a lot of wasabi on the plate that she put soy sauce.
It looked really hot and also colorful.
I was worried if she would cry or not.
It was really interesting because she has her way of eating sushi, even though that is different from my way.
Anyway, she enjoyed eating sushi so it wasn't a big deal how she ate.
Enjoying eating is the most important thing!
I like to go there because all plates are $3 on Thursday and Saturday.
She put soy sauce on a plate the same as me, but I was surprised the next moment because she put as much wasabi as soy sauce on the plate.
Hello I am from Ukraine
But I know fluent Russian and I can understand Polish and Italian.
I have been to USA twice and I would like to know English better.
I have some hobbies.
I like to embroid icons and paint beads.
I like to cook, travel and train dogs.
In this curriculum, critical thinking which should be taught by teachers, I suppose. The incremental acquisition of critical thinking is emphasised.
Dispose of the empty container at a local government facility.
If outsourcing the disposal, ensure that the contractor adheres to local regulations.
- Dispose of the container in accordance with local regulations after emptying it.
Could someone please correct my sentences?
He appeared to be a very kind and knowledgeable teacher who spared no time taking us to different places of interest and various exhibitions.
Is the verb "appeared" correct in this case or would it be better to say "proved".?
Okinawa is a special place for both Japanese and Chinese people, I think.
The reason is that Okinawa was called Ryukyu before it was annexed by Japan, which was greatly influenced by ancient China, especially during the Ming and Qing dynasties.
The Ryukyu Kingdom was over and was annexed by Japan.
During World War Two, American troops fought against the Japanese army there.
It is said that Okinawa is a beautiful place famous for its delicious food and blue sea.
I joined an English conversation meeting in my company.
I had not recently posted on the blog.
It's very interesting and I am able to concentrate.
I have posted about what I study.
